everybody um my second video
um today I'm going to do a kind of
tribal belly dance look um it's kind of
dark not something that I would wear on
the dorm everyday by any means but we
have some greens some some blacks and
browns nice like red lip so yeah keep
watching and I hope you guys enjoy but
okay so when I'm first going to start
off with is a a cream cream eye shadow
I'm just going to put that all over my
lid um it's going to make the green
color that I use just pop a little bit
more and you'll stay on a little longer
without um creasing
okay so now I'm going to take this kind
of it's an emerald green and I'm just
going to use a just a a flat shadow
brush and take that and put it all over
my lid really focusing on the inner
corner
okay
so now I'm going to take a short um
dome-shaped brush and I'm going to use a
dark brown I'm gonna take that and on
the outer corner I'm going to focus that
color right there okay now a little
trick since I want it to be more of a
harsh line I'm going to take a state so
it's not so so sticky just took it like
this with my fingers and I'm going to
line the edge from the bottom of my lash
line up
okay so I'm going to go back in with
that same don't brush in that that brown
color go take it and I'm going to make
it come out almost the edge of my
eyebrow and into the crease bring it up
focus on that line so you get really
nice color
okay now with where is my pleasure right
yeah um just on an angle brush I'm going
to take a matte black color and I'm
going to focus it on the outer edge
um you don't want to bring it up any
further just really focus it on that
that outer part of your eye and a little
bit into the crease
then with that dome brush I'm going to
just blend it blend that black color out
into the round
okay I'm going to take the tape off see
how it leaves it really nice sharp line
I really like that and with just a
spoolie brush we're gonna straighten out
my brows I really need to go get my
eyebrows then they are looking all sorts
of crazy and look just a big brush I'm
going to go in with um just with a
highlight color and I'm gonna put that
right underneath my eyebrow at my
eyebrows
okay now with a smaller dome shape brush
I'm going to go in with that that seemed
emerald green color I'm gonna put it
right on my lower lash line on the
inside
and then with the same brush
I'm going to go in with that that black
just matte black outer and I'm going to
blend them in trying to go for a very
dark kind of look
and I just kind of connect the color
with the the top color right here so
there's no space